docs(homepage): add banner for end-of-support v1 (#1879)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/upgrade.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD043 -->

> ## End of support v1

Reviewer: Take a full screenshot plz

Author: I was waiting your comments :D

> On March 31, 2023, AWS Lambda Powertools for Python version 1 will reach end of support. After that, AWS Lambda Powertools for Python version 1 will no longer receive updates or releases. If you are still using v1, we encourage you to read our upgrade guide and update to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On March 31st, AWS Lambda Powertools for Python v1 will reach end of support. After that, Powertools v1 will no longer receive updates or releases. If you are still using v1, we encourage you to read our upgrade guide and update to the latest version.
```

Niicee! Small change so you remain consistent (version 1, v1 ==> v1). You can also use Powertools (shorter) after using the longer version to keep it concise.

> Given our commitment to all of our customers using AWS Lambda Powertools for Python, we won't remove old package versions from [Pypi](https://pypi.org/project/aws-lambda-powertools/) and will also leave old tags active, so you can read the documentation for v1 version.

Reviewer: You can improve this paragraph by moving to a positive tone and by using active voice.

**Example**

> We will keep [PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/aws-lambda-powertools/) v1 releases and documentation 1.x versions to prevent any disruption.

Author: Thank you for this feedback, @heitorlessa ! It really makes a lot more sense to use active voice.
